---
layout: post
title:  "Dr. Nose"
date:   2014-07-26 1:07:19
categories: life
---

It's 8 in the morning and I'm getting ready for a septoplasty procedure at 10. I was involved in a car wreck that sent me to the ER. I'm alive and that's the best thing. However, I've been given the curse of the deviated septum and sinus problems that come with. I continue to get ready. I put on some comfortable yoga pants and a loose grey henley. The cool air from the night is starting to warm up in summer's morning sun. I feel the glass to double check the temperature for some reason. Habits. My wife, baby daughter and I head to the hospital. We wait in the prep room for about an hour and half, which was quite a long time. I found comfort in the paper bed and paper outfit that had been given to me. Feeling like a giant origami piece, I lay with the warmth of the IV fluid crawling in through my arm. The nourishment from this warm fluid hydrated my body as I waited to be taken to the surgery room. Finally, after multiple pre-surgery interviews, I said my goodbyes to my loved ones and proceeded to roll through double doors and glance up at the lights shinining and spilling over the single hallway to the procedure room. Once in the room, standing strong in the center was a machine with what looked like four arms and highly reflective circular disks on maybe two of them. The arms peered down onto a bed made for yours truly. There were several people in suits and goggles to greet me. The nurse who wheeled me in gave me a translucent oxygen mask that smelled of plastic. Inhaling deeply, I wasn't sure if what I was breathing was working as I watched the lights around me expecting them to get hazy and finally the gas to cast me off to the deep parts of my mind. In what felt like ten minutes, I awoke to find myself in another room and a lady beside my bed. At this point, I knew the surgery was over and soon the pain on my face started to bloom like a flower in spring. The lady at my bedside offered gifts through my IV to ease my pain and I promptly accepted. Eventually the pain subsided and I felt I was ready to see my loved ones and head on home. We had been at the hospital for about seven hours.

